Praised as "effortless" by the Boulder Daily Camera, cellist Emanuel
Evans has performed throughout the New York and Boston areas, Hungary,
and his native Colorado.  He has been heard in venues such as Jordan
Hall in Boston, Alice Tully Hall in New York, and the Franz Liszt
Memorial Museum in Budapest and has performed in masterclasses for
artists such as Ani Kavafian and Jian Wang.  Emanuel made his solo
debut with the Boulder Philharmonic in 2005; as an orchestral
musician, he has appeared with the New World Symphony, the Boston
Philharmonic Orchestra, and Music Academy of the West and has served
as principal cellist of the NEC Opera Orchestra, the Bard Conservatory
Orchestra, and the Denver Young Artists Orchestra.

Emanuel's greatest musical passion is chamber music.  He has twice
attended the Taos School of Music, under the guidance of the Borromeo,
Shanghai, and Brentano Quartets; he has also studied chamber music
with members of the Cleveland, Guarneri, Orion, and Tak√°cs Quartets.
In 2011, as a member of the NEC Honors Competition-winning Canoro
Quartet, he performed in Jordan Hall with Roger Tapping.  An avid
proponent of twentieth- and twenty-first-century music, Emanuel has
premiered several works by young composers including Derek Sherron and
Shen Yiwen.

Emanuel's principal teachers include Natasha Brofsky, Paul Katz,
Sophie Shao, and Peter Wiley.  He completed his undergraduate studies
at the Bard College Conservatory of Music, where he was the recipient
of the George Martin/Hans Thatcher Clarke Scholarship, and received a
master's degree from New England Conservatory.  He is currently
pursuing an Artist Certificate in Chamber Music from the San Francisco
Conservatory of Music under the tutelage of Jean-Michel Fonteneau.

As the first graduating cellist of the Bard College Conservatory of
Music, Emanuel earned both a B.M. in Cello Performance and a B.A. in
Political Studies.  He has worked as an intern for Congressman Jared
Polis' office in Boulder, the Center for UN Reform Education in New
York City, and the International Centre for Democratic Transition in
Budapest.  When not playing cello, Emanuel enjoys cooking, reading
fiction, computer programming, and hiking.  Emanuel plays a cello by
[Lawrence Wilke](http://wilkecellos.com/Welcome.html) dated 2004.  
